api/login.md, before:

# Login subsystem

## Login

A GET on this page redirects to /api/login/login.html

To login you POST JSON to /api/login/ with the following structure:
```
{
    User: string,
    Pass: string
}
```

and the server will respond with the following to indicate whether login was successful

```
{
    LoginStatus : bool,
    Reason: string,
    Admin:  bool,
    CookieName: string,
    Cookie: string,
    CSRFName: string,
    CSRFToken: string
}
```

The server will respond with the proper status code and a "reason" property which should be displayed to the user.

## Logout

* PUT /api/logout - logs your current instance out
* DELETE /api/logout - logs out ALL your users instances

## CSRF protections are enforced on all POSTs
The provided CSRFName and CSRFToken need to be present in the HMTL header of all POST requests.
For example, if the CSRFName is "SinkholeSafetyFirst" and the CSRFToken is "slkdfjldskjflkdjs"
A POST will be rejected if 'SinkholeSafetyFirst: slkdfjldskjflkdjs' isn't in the POST request header.

## View active sessions
GET the /api/account/{id}/sessions and it will return a chunk of JSON.  Admins can request any users sessions, users can ONLY request their own sessions.

```
{
     User:  "user",
     [
          {
              Origin: "192.168.4.2",
              LastHit: "2014-12-1 12:32:02.2332422Z07:00"
          },
          {
              Origin: "1.35.2.2",
              LastHit: "2014-12-1 12:05:02.2332422Z07:00"
          },
          {
              Origin: "10.0.0.22",
              LastHit: "2014-11-1 12:05:02.2332422Z07:00"
          }
     ]
}
```

Commit message:

update login to define jwt

api/login.md, after:

# Login subsystem

## Login

A GET on this page redirects to /api/login/login.html

To login you POST JSON to /api/login/ with the following structure:
```
{
    User: string,
    Pass: string
}
```

and the server will respond with the following to indicate whether login was successful

```
{
    LoginStatus : bool,
    JWT: `jwt_present_here`
}
```

If the login fails, the server will respond with the proper status code and a "reason" property which should be displayed to the user.

## Logout

* PUT /api/logout - logs your current instance out
* DELETE /api/logout - logs out ALL your users instances

## Bearer tokens
The JWT returned upon successful login should be sent as a bearer token on the Authorization header.

## View active sessions
GET the /api/account/{id}/sessions and it will return a chunk of JSON.  Admins can request any users sessions, users can ONLY request their own sessions.

```
{
     User:  "user",
     [
          {
              Origin: "192.168.4.2",
              LastHit: "2014-12-1 12:32:02.2332422Z07:00"
          },
          {
              Origin: "1.35.2.2",
              LastHit: "2014-12-1 12:05:02.2332422Z07:00"
          },
          {
              Origin: "10.0.0.22",
              LastHit: "2014-11-1 12:05:02.2332422Z07:00"
          }
     ]
}
```
